DOCSP 29155 adding sort and uuids to mongosync page (#230)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/mongosync.txt

``mongosync`` is still able to complete the sync. In the case that a
sync does not complete, ``mongosync`` writes a fatal log entry. 

UUIDs
~~~~~

> ``mongosync`` creates new universally unique identifiers (UUIDs) for

Reviewer: I don't know if we should use this:
:abbr:\`UUIDs (universally unique identifiers)\`

Author: Done! (I was not aware of this markup so thank you so much for pointing it out!)

collections on the destination cluster. There is no relationship between
UUIDs on the source cluster and the destination cluster. If applications

> contain hard-coded collection UUIDs (which MongoDB does not recommend),

Reviewer: Are they "collection UUIDs" or document UUIDs within a collection? If the latter, I suggest just dropping the word "collection".

Author: Done!

``mongosync`` requires additional updating to work with a migrated
cluster. 

Sorting
~~~~~~~

> ``mongosync`` creates a new natural (without any sort method specified)

Reviewer: I think it reads better to say "creates a new natural order (without any sort method specified) on the ..."

Author: Done!

order on the destination cluster. If applications depend on document
order without a defined sort method, they may require additional updating to

> work with a migrated cluster. 

Reviewer: I think this can be cleaned up a bit and also be more specific about what needs to be updated. Perhaps:

> If applications depend on document order, but don't have a defined sort method, they may need to be updated to specify the expected sort order before they will work properly with the migrated cluster.

Author: Done!

``mongosync`` is still able to complete the sync. In the case that a
sync does not complete, ``mongosync`` writes a fatal log entry. 

UUIDs
~~~~~

> ``mongosync`` creates new :abbr:`UUIDs (universally unique identifiers)`
> for collections on the destination cluster. There is no relationship

Reviewer 2: mongosync doesn’t “create UUIDs” per se; rather, it creates collections, which have UUIDs.

```suggestion
The collections that ``mongosync`` creates on the destination cluster
have new :abbr:`UUIDs (universally unique identifiers)`. There is no relationship
```

Author: Done!

between UUIDs on the source cluster and the destination cluster. If
applications contain hard-coded UUIDs (which MongoDB does not
recommend), you may need to update the application's UUIDs before the

> application works properly with a migrated cluster. 

Reviewer: One last comment. Can you actually change the UUIDs? I would be surprised if this were the case.

Author: Checked in with Alex Komyagin who said the "The developer would need to get the new UUID's from the new cluster or update the app not to rely on UUIDs"  so I changed the phrasing accordingly

Sorting
~~~~~~~

> ``mongosync`` creates a new natural order (without any sort method
> specified) on the destination cluster. If applications depend on

Reviewer 2: mongosync doesn’t “create an order”; rather, the order in which it inserts documents is undefined.
```suggestion
``mongosync`` inserts documents on the destination cluster in an undefined order.
Thus, natural sort order is not preserved from the source to the destination. If applications
depend on
```

Author: Done!

document order but don't have a defined sort method, you may need to

> update the application to specify the expected sort order before the
> application works properly with the migrated cluster. 

Reviewer 2: Just a grammatical nit:
```suggestion
update those applications to specify the expected sort order before the
applications work properly with the migrated cluster. 
```

Author: Done!
